Collect minor improvements for tremor-query docs (#44)
tremor-rs/tremor-www-docs: docs/tremor-query/index.md

end;
```

#### Custom Operator definitions

> FIXME

Reviewer: :scream:

Author: good catch! fixed it now.

> Custom operators allow legacy operators written before the query language. As the query langauge and deprecated yaml format share the same DAG model and pipeline formats, they are interoperable at runtime and are backwards compatible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom operators allow definition, configuration and usage of legacy operators, that have been around before tremor supported the query language. As the query language and deprecated yaml format share the same DAG model and pipeline formats, they are interoperable at runtime and are backwards compatible:
```

#### Select queries

The select query is a builtin operation that is the workhorse of the `tremor-query` language.

The select operation is of the general form:

> ![select grammar](grammar/diagram/SelectStmt.png) > ![from grammar](grammar/diagram/FromClause.png) > ![where grammar](grammar/diagram/WhereClause.png) > ![group by grammar](grammar/diagram/GroupByClause.png) > ![group by dimensions grammar](grammar/diagram/GroupByDimension.png) > ![set group grammar](grammar/diagram/SetBasedGroup.png) > ![each group grammar](grammar/diagram/EachBasedGroup.png) > ![into grammar](grammar/diagram/IntoClause.png) > ![having grammar](grammar/diagram/HavingClause.png)

> A example select operation configured to pass through data from a pipeline's default `in` stream to a pipeline's default `out` stream:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example select operation configured to pass through data from a pipeline's default `in` stream to a pipeline's default `out` stream:
```
